<h1>VIRTUAL TICKETING SYSTEM</h1>
<p>A virtual ticketing system developed by 4 students of Ballari Institute of Technology and Management who are as of 2024 in their 2nd year pursuing AI & ML. This is a project we were asked to develop as a part of our internship program. This project is purely based on python and use of streamlit for the UI and deployment. The "Python-Based Virtual Ticketing System" is a project showcasing a simple web application for booking seats for cricket, basketball, and football matches. Developed entirely in Python, the system serves as a demonstration of basic ticketing functionalities. The project comprises three main pages: a home page displaying details about the development team, an account page featuring a login/signup form, and a ticket page allowing users to book seats for different sports events.</p>

<p>The home page provides information about the project's creators, offering insights into the development team's background and expertise. The account page serves as the entry point for users, where they can either log in with existing credentials or sign up for a new account. User authentication is implemented to ensure secure access to the ticket booking functionalities. The ticket page presents users with options to book seats for cricket, basketball, and football matches. Users can select their preferred sport, view available seating arrangements, and choose seats for booking. However, please note that this project does not feature real-time data updates or actual ticket booking capabilities; it is designed as a demonstration of basic functionality.</p>
